Fixed #35678 -- Removed "usable_password" field from BaseUserCreationForm. (#18484)
django/django: docs/topics/auth/default.txt

    about :ref:`using the built-in authentication forms with custom user models
    <custom-users-and-the-built-in-auth-forms>`.

> .. class:: AdminUserCreationForm

Reviewer: I think this is alphabetical, so might be worth moving this under AdminPasswordChangeForm

Author: I have also moved the form definition and test case to after `AdminPasswordChangeForm`.

    .. versionadded:: 5.1

    A form used in the admin interface to create a new user. Inherits from

>     :class:`UserCreationForm` and it has four
>     fields: ``username`` (from the user model), ``password1``, ``password2``,
>     and ``usable_password`` (the latter is enabled by default).

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
    :class:`UserCreationForm`.

    It has an additional field ``usable_password``, which is enabled by default.
```

Author: Sounds good, applying!

Author: I also changed `versionadded` to be `5.1.1` following Carlton's suggestion.
